welcome the music teachers helper the
easiest way to manage your private music
studio in this tutorial you'll learn how
to use and customize the features
available to you on your login homepage
when you login to your music teachers
helper account by default you will be
taken to the home page this page is a
great way to get an overview of what is
going on in your entire studio you can
see unreconciled lessons upcoming events
lens out library items that are overdue
and even a financial summary showing the
earnings and expenses for your studio in
the current month previous month and
year to date there is also a monthly
earnings bar chart that can help you
easily visualize a month-to-month
comparison of your earnings and a list
of the upcoming birthdays of any of your
students to customize your home page or
to change which page you see first when
you login will click on the settings
link in the top right-hand portion of
the page in the studio settings tab
you'll notice that we can easily change
the name of the studio as it appears
throughout the website and on
documentation the currency symbol used
and the timezone in the format for the
date here you can also change the star
page that you see when you first log in
so that it is the one that is most
relevant to how you run your own
business like if you want to check
reports first or the events on the
calendar you can easily customize the
sections that are shown on the homepage
by simply checking or unchecking the box
next to the appropriate section let's
uncheck birthdays and the monthly
earnings chart when we click Save
preferences and go back to the home page
we can see that those sections that were
there before are now gone finally if
you're running into difficulty or don't
know what to do on a particular page
it's easy to turn help on and off by
clicking the question mark icon on the
left hand side of the menu bar when
clicked the blue boxes that appear have
helpful hints feature explanations and
sometimes suggestions for alternative
methods to do the same
thing to turn help off again click the
question mark a second time hey thanks
for watching this video tutorial to
learn more about the rest of music
teachers helper be sure to check out our
other great videos browse our music
teacher forum or check out the knowledge
base on our website at wwlp.com